# Status Meeting Minutes - 05/11/2025 14:43

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Creation of repository, research on the videogame 'Snake' and PRD file
- Creation of the meeting minutes file

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Danilo | Creation of the functional analysis document | 06/11/2025 |
| Amine | Creation of the technical analysis document | 06/11/2025 |
| Daniele | Continuation of the minutes day by day | 15/11/2025 |



# Status Meeting Minutes - 06/11/2025 14:53

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Creation of functional analysis and technical analysis files

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Matteo | Creation of the quality assurance document | 07/11/2025 |



# Status Meeting Minutes - 07/11/2025 15:03

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Creation of the quality assurance document 

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Ahmed | Q&A per Snake Evo 1.0 | 08/11/2025 |



# Status Meeting Minutes - 08/11/2025 15:13

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Q&A ci ha fatto modificare i tre documenti di Snake Evo 1.0 creandone di nuovi per Snake Evo 2.0

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Amine | Repository cleanup/organization | 09/11/2025 |
| Matteo | Deletion of the 'Snake 1' folder | 09/11/2025 |



# Status Meeting Minutes - 09/11/2025 15:23

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Repository cleanup/organization e assegnazione ruoli per sviluppo gioco
- Creation of translation file /meetings-minutes
- Deletion of the 'Snake 1' folder

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Ahmed | Creation of ReadMe file | 10/11/2025 |
| Amine | Creation of a development account on Replit | 10/11/2025 |
| Danilo | Creation of documents for DevOps and CI/CD | 10/11/2025 |



# Status Meeting Minutes - 10/11/2025 15:33

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Creation of ReadMe file
- Creation of documents for DevOps and CI/CD
- Creation of a development account on Replit

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Aminee | Game development via Replit | 11/11/2025 |
| Danilo | Addition of improvements | 11/11/2025 |


# Status Meeting Minutes - 11/11/2025 15:43

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Addition of improvements, aggiunta di file log
- Game development via Replit in versione preview nella versione 2.0, importando la repository da github

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Danilo | Creation of a direct prompt for Replit | 12/11/2025 |
| Matteo | Summary of deliverables | 12/11/2025 |




# Status Meeting Minutes - 12/11/2025 15:53

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Creation of a direct prompt for Replit
- Application of the prompt for development
- Summary of deliverables

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Aminee | Q&A for the new version of Snake (version 2.0) | 13/11/2025 |




# Status Meeting Minutes - 13/11/2025 16:03

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Q&A for the new version of Snake (version 2.0)

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Danilo | Localization of the code into multiple languages using i18n technology | 14/11/2025 |




# Status Meeting Minutes - 14/11/2025 16:13

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Localization of the code into multiple languages using i18n technology

# Action items
| Assigned to | Task | Planned deadline |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Matteo | Translation of all files into English | 15/11/2025 |
| Matteo | Translation of the minutes into English | 15/11/2025 |
| Daniele | Completion of the minutes | 15/11/2025 |




# Status Meeting Minutes - 15/11/2025 16:23

**Participants:**
- Daniele Marinelli
- Matteo Torchia
- Aminee Mouzekki
- Ahmed Rihane
- Danilo Schiavone

## Decisions taken:
- Creation of an international folder and translation of files into English, including the minutes
- Completion of the minutes